# General knowledge is aquired weekly (here's some of mine) 

- The word budget come from french "bugette" which used to be the name of a bag used to hold coins (a purse basically), then it went to England where it was changed to budget and came back to France in that form afterwards 
- I had to read this crazy and scandalous paper "Where there are girls, there are cats" which showed me how wrong publishers and the peer review process can go
- As the BEES secretary I had to join a first year practical on Blackford which made me realize how my tree ID skills had improved since my first year! 
- I can add a transparent figure legend to an NMDS plot!!!!! (with the legend function and adding a bty = "n" part to it) 
- My mom told me this really cool story about new discoveries on Easter Island. Apparently, they did not run out of resources and die! they were actually very self-sufficient and totally aware of the resources available on the island and how to use them best. For example, archeologists discovered that at the time the island was subject to very intense rainfall which would erode the soil a lot and prevent anything from growing, but those people figured out a way to use that to their advantage: they would put flat rocks on the soil so that the rain would erode the rocks before reaching the soil, and that would also give good minerals to the soil. They would grow sweet potatoes under those rocks because they don't need too much space for their leaves so it would work just fine. 
- and another argument which led us to think they were dumb was that there were no wells on the island so maybe they didn't know how to get fresh water. But actually, they discovered that after big rainfalls, the sea would bring freshwater because the groundwater level would rise and meet the sea, and freshwater would be washed off the shores of the island. And the best area to get that fresh water is were they put the statues. Pretty cool right? 
- One horse power does not equal the power of one horse but actually the power of 14.9 horses! WHY?????
- I read sooooooo much faster in my native language than in english! so it's not that I'm dumb and take way to long to understand scientific articles in english because my brain has issues, it's because it's not my native language! (total boost of confidence even though that totally doesn't halp me for my studies here lol)
- It's really hard to make your own bread starter... sadly :(
- The french King Louis IX who ruled from 1226 to 1270 used to overtake his own judicial system by sitting under an oak tree in the Bois de Vincennes near Paris, and give judicial decisions/rulings to anybody who would come ask him. And those decisions had full judicial power/credibility! (how did he have that much free time???? 

